moreover the word of the Lord came to me
and you son of man thus says the Lord
God to the Land of Israel and in
the end has come upon the four corners
of the land now the end has come upon
you and I will send my anger against you
I will judge you according to your ways
and I will repay you for all your
abominations my I will not spare you
nor will I have pity but I will repay
your ways and your abominations will be
in your midst then you shall know that I
am the Lord a disaster a singular
disaster behold it has come an end has
come the end has come it has dawned for
you behold it has come doom has come to
you you who dwell in the land the time
has come a day of trouble is near and
not of rejoicing in the mountains
now upon you I will soon pour out my
fury and spend my anger upon you I will
judge you according to your ways and I
will repay you for all your abominations
my I will not spare nor will I have pity
I will repay you according to your ways
and your abominations will be in your
midst then you shall know that I am the
Lord
behold the day behold it has come doom
has gone up the rod has blossomed pride
has bodied violence has risen up into a
rod of wickedness
none of them shall remain none of their
multitude none of them nor shall dare be
wailing for them the time has come the
day draws near let not the buyer rejoice
nor the seller mourn for wrath is on
their whole multitude for the sellers
shall not return to what has been sold
though he may still be alive for the
vision concerns the whole multitude and
it shall not turn back no one will
strengthen himself who lives in iniquity
they have blown the trumpet and made
everyone ready but no one goes to battle
for my wrath is on all their multitude
the sword is outside and the pestilence
and famine within whoever is in the
field will die by the sword and whoever
is in the city famine and pestilence
will devour him those who survive will
escape and beyond the mountains like
doves of the valleys all of them
mourning each for his iniquity every
hand will be feeble and every knee will
be as weak as water they will also be
girded with sackcloth horror will cover
them shame will be on every face
baldness on all their heads they will
throw their silver into the streets and
their gold will be like refuse their
silver and their gold will not be able
to deliver them in the day of the wrath
the Lord they will not satisfy their
souls nor fill their stomachs because it
became their stumbling block of iniquity
as for the beauty of his ornaments he
set it in majesty but they made from it
the images of their abominations their
detestable things therefore I have made
it like refuse to them I will give it as
plunder into the hands of strangers and
to the wicked of the earth as spoil and
they shall defile it I will turn my face
from them and they will define my secret
place for robbers shall enter it and
defile it make a change for the land is
filled with crimes of blood and the city
is full of violence therefore I will
bring the worst of the Gentiles and they
will possess their houses I will cause
the pomp of the strong to cease and
their holy places shall be defiled
destruction comes they will seek peace
but there shall be none disaster will
come upon disaster and rumour will be
upon rumor then they will seek a vision
from a prophet but the law will perish
from the priests and counsel from the
elders the king will mourn the prince
will be clothed with desolation and the
hands of the common people will tremble
I will do to them according to their way
and according to what they deserve I
will
then they shall know that I am